readme.md, before:

# changelog-generator [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Arkni/changelog-generator.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Arkni/changelog-generator)

> Generate a simple changelog for your release.


## Install

```
$ npm install --save changelog-gn
```


## Usage

```js
const changelog = require('changelog-gn');

changelog();
/* =>
1.0.0 / 2016-02-23
==================

  * 1.0.0
  * initial commit
*/
```


## API

### changelog([options])

#### options

##### base

Type: `string`<br>
Default: `.`

Specify the path of the git repository.

##### commitish

Type: `string`<br>
Default: `${latest-tag}..HEAD`

The commit-ish from which you want to generate the changelog. Default to `${latest-tag}..HEAD`.<br>
If there are no tags, then all commit will be included in changelog.

##### preset

Type: `string`<br>
Default: ``

The preset to use in order to generate the change log. `jquery` is the only available preset.<br>
If no preset is specified, then a simple changelog will be generated.

##### release

Type: `string`<br>
Default: `x.x.x`

The version of the upcoming release. If not specified, the lib will ry to read it from `package.json`.<br>
It's used in the header of the changelog.

##### verbose

Type: `boolean`<br>
Default: `false`

Output more detailed information.


## CLI

### Install

```
$ npm install --global changelog-gn
```

### Usage

```
$ changelog --help

Usage
    $ changelog

Options
    -b, --base       Specify the path of the git repo. By default, all file paths are relative to process.cwd()
    -c, --commitish  The commit-ish from which you want to generate the changelog. Default to `${latest-tag}..HEAD`
    -p, --preset     The preset to use in order to generate the change log. `jquery` is the only available
                     preset. If no preset is specified, then a simple changelog will be generated.
    -r, --release    The version of the upcoming release. If not specified, the cli will read the version
                     from `package.json`.
    -V, --verbose    Output more detailed information
    -h, --help       Display this notice

Examples
    $ changelog
    $ changelog --base /home/github/changelog-generator
    $ changelog -c 1.0.0..HEAD -p jquery -r 1.0.1
```

## License

MIT © [Brahim Arkni](https://github.com/Arkni)

Commit message:

add: preset node on readme.md

readme.md, after:

# changelog-generator [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Arkni/changelog-generator.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Arkni/changelog-generator)

> Generate a simple changelog for your release.


## Install

```
$ npm install --save changelog-gn
```


## Usage

```js
const changelog = require('changelog-gn');

changelog();
/* =>
1.0.0 / 2016-02-23
==================

  * 1.0.0
  * initial commit
*/
```


## API

### changelog([options])

#### options

##### base

Type: `string`<br>
Default: `.`

Specify the path of the git repository.

##### commitish

Type: `string`<br>
Default: `${latest-tag}..HEAD`

The commit-ish from which you want to generate the changelog. Default to `${latest-tag}..HEAD`.<br>
If there are no tags, then all commit will be included in changelog.

##### preset

Type: `string`<br>
Default: ``

The preset to use in order to generate the change log. You can chose `jquery` or `node` presets.<br>
If no preset is specified, then a simple changelog will be generated.

##### release

Type: `string`<br>
Default: `x.x.x`

The version of the upcoming release. If not specified, the lib will ry to read it from `package.json`.<br>
It's used in the header of the changelog.

##### verbose

Type: `boolean`<br>
Default: `false`

Output more detailed information.


## CLI

### Install

```
$ npm install --global changelog-gn
```

### Usage

```
$ changelog --help

Usage
    $ changelog

Options
    -b, --base       Specify the path of the git repo. By default, all file paths are relative to process.cwd()
    -c, --commitish  The commit-ish from which you want to generate the changelog. Default to `${latest-tag}..HEAD`
    -p, --preset     The preset to use in order to generate the change log.
                     You can chose `jquery` or `node` presets.
                     If no preset is specified, then a simple changelog will be generated.
    -r, --release    The version of the upcoming release. If not specified, the cli will read the version
                     from `package.json`.
    -V, --verbose    Output more detailed information
    -h, --help       Display this notice

Examples
    $ changelog
    $ changelog --base /home/github/changelog-generator
    $ changelog -c 1.0.0..HEAD -p jquery -r 1.0.1
```

## License

MIT © [Brahim Arkni](https://github.com/Arkni)
